Hello it's me again here today
with another cookie dough recipe mine
cookie dough praline are pretty
Well arrived at your place and there I have
I wonder what else can you do
all because it's done with cupido and then
I thought
cookie dough cupcakes will be on the
hammer and for that I have here as
Based on my classic showcase
the link to the video how do you do that
you can find it down here
Click and me now we are too
already firmly cooled and everything and must
first to fill because a hole pure
and I have one for that
Jaunt with such a big mouth
here
but you can also do something like that
do not just have such an apple
gutted take that are also quite
well suited or you just try
with a small knife
that should work if necessary
and then I put this here just like that
purely
the dough and go out again
my cupcakes and all ready
eroded and now I need
of course a nice filling to
and I just take the
cupido bremen i also for the
chocolates have only been used with one
slightly changed quantities and
I have the good and the first for that
I suggest now creamy before
I add the sugar then that is
flour and invest
and of course, those too
Chocolate chips fold in a cookie
dough mass I have now here in
so filled a bag and just the
tip cut off and become with it
filled the box office
so it does not get dressed up like this
contending with a knife nor a
bit leads all cupcakes are ready
filled and now we need of course
still a frosting as for any
sensible cupcake and for that i do
now also a kind of cookie dough
frosting but very different than that
otherwise the game becomes too powerful
and for that the first butter and me
I'll beat that for 23 minutes now
really nice krems
two minutes are over and now I can
slowly let the sugar to giants
I have brown sugar and white for that
sugar quite normal and that you in
extra can now also be added
become
and then the whole must yet again,
two minutes to be beaten
and now I leave slowly
powdered sugar to trickle now comes
not swing less
and missing for a real kick
Of course, even more
and here come the chocolate
splitter underneath I definitely can
say this recipe is not for
weak nerves only for absolute
sweet lovers because these are cute
cupcakes in any case that frosty
finished now, the cupcakes only
still be decorated with it
the problem with this spring is that
Unfortunately for his consistency not
so good with the injection bag too
is processing and that's why I will
just a lot and flopped it all in there
Rustic on the cap I wish
you also do not recommend too much of
the frost to use him that
I'm too fat
otherwise it will definitely be a total of 1
to liter of coffee and this is the
do cookie dough cupcakes and me
speak again a warning from the
are really very cute but who
he dares to tell me
how it has become and indeed in the
comments below or at instagram with
hashtag make a make-up and a photo and
yes, give me the thumbs up
subscribed to the channel falls is not yet
have done and see you next time